[MODULE] add synthetic data generation (#121)
huggingface/smol-course: 6_synthetic_datasets/instruction_datasets.md

# Generating Instruction Datasets

> Within [the chapter on instruction tuning](../1_instruction_tuning/README.md), we learned about instruction tuning. In this section, we will explore how to generate instruction datasets for instruction tuning. We will explore creating instruction tuning datasets through basic prompting and using more refined techniques from papers. Instruction tuning datasets with seed data for in-context learning can be created through methods like SelfInstruct and Magpie. Additionally, we will explore instruction evolution through EvolInstruct. Lastly, we will explore how to generate a dataset for instruction tuning using a distilabel pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within [the chapter on instruction tuning](../1_instruction_tuning/README.md), we learned about fine-tuning models with Supervised Fine-tuning. In this section, we will explore how to generate instruction datasets for SFT. We will explore creating instruction tuning datasets through basic prompting and using more refined techniques from papers. Instruction tuning datasets with seed data for in-context learning can be created through methods like SelfInstruct and Magpie. Additionally, we will explore instruction evolution through EvolInstruct. Lastly, we will explore how to generate a dataset for instruction tuning using a distilabel pipeline.
```

## From Prompt to Data

> Synthetic data sounds fancy, but it can be simplified as creating data through efficient prompting. You can think of this as a way to generate data for any task. However, the challenge is prompting efficiently while ensuring the data is diverse and of high enough quality for training. Luckily, many papers have explored this problem, and we will explore some of the useful ones during this course. First things first, we will explore how to generate synthetic data through manual prompting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synthetic data sounds fancy, but it can be simplified as creating data through effective prompting to extract knowledge from a model. In turn, you can think of this as a way to generate data for a specific task. The challenge is prompting effectively while ensuring the data is diverse and representative. Fortunately, many papers have explored this problem, and we will explore some of the useful ones during this course. First things first, we will explore how to generate synthetic data through manual prompting.
```
